spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/image_store/basic-imagestore-const-uniform-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/image_store/basic-imagestore-mixed-const-non-const-uniform-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/image_store/basic-imagestore-mixed-const-non-const-uniform-index2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/image_store/basic-imagestore-non-const-uniform-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-initializer-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-mixed-const-and-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-mixed-const-and-non-const-index2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-nested-struct-arrays-nonconst-nested-array: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-struct-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-struct-non-const-index-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-struct-non-const-index-sampler-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-const-index-three-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-struct-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-struct-nonconst-non-opaque-members: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-struct-nonconst-sampler-const: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-struct-nonconst-sampler-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/subroutines/fs-subroutine: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/tessellation/tcs-tes-patch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-const: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-const-explicit-binding: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-mixed-const-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/intrastage-interface: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/intrastage-interface-field: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/uniform-block-array-instance-name-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/uniform-block-array-size-and-instance-name-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-atomic-counter: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-atomic-counter-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-dimension-size-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-dimensions-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-mismatch2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-unsized: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-unsized-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-unsized-mismatch2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-unsized2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-gs: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-gs-explicit-location: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-gs-invalid-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-arithmetic-uvec2-imagestore: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-imageatomicexchange: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-imagestore: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/explicit-image-binding: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/fs-const-index-three-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/image-vertex-attrib-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/image-vertex-uniform-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/multiple-resident-images-reading: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/ubo-named-block: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-arithmetic-uvec2-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-ubo-binding-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-ubo-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/explicit-texture-binding: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/fs-const-index-three-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-in-struct: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-vertex-attrib-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-vertex-uniform-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/ubo-named-block: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_image_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_image_and_bound_sampler: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bindless_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bound_sampler: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bound_sampler_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/atomic-counter: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-global-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-group-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-group-id-x: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-group-id-y: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-group-id-z: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-local-id-atomic: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-local-index: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-texelfetch: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-uniform-access: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-uniform-access-atomic: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/border-color: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/multiple-texture-reading: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/multiple-workgroups: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/separate-global-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/separate-global-id-2: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomics: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/simple-barrier: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/simple-barrier-atomics: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/bug-93840: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/matched_local_work_sizes: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/mismatched_local_work_sizes: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/mix_compute_and_non_compute: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/no_local_work_size: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/one_local_work_size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/basic-local-size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/fixed-local-size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/global-invocation-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/separate-global-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/separate-global-id-2: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/linker/mixed_fixed_variable_local_work_size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/linker/no_local_size_specified: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-1: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-2: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-3: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-4: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-1: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-2: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-3: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-4: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-and-clip-distance-different: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-and-clip-distance-sizeable-to-max: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-distance-explicitly-sized: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-distance-interpolated: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-distance-sizeable-to-max: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/vs-cull-distance-vertex-inside-cull-volume: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/vs-cull-distance-vertex-on-plane: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/vs-cull-distance-vertex-outside-cull-volume: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdx-coarse: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdx-dfdy: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdx-fine: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdy-coarse: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdy-fine: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/block-member-locations/sso-block-member-layout-location: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/fs-output: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/sso-vs-gs-fs-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-attribs-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs-array-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs-array-interleave-range: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs-doubles: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-gs-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-gs-fs-double: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-load-output: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-load-output-indirect: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-double: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-patch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-patch-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-to-fs-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-to-fs-array-interleave-single-location: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/fs-ubo-named-block-explicit-offset: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/block-member-location-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/block-member-location-overlap-aoa: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/block-member-mixed-order-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/named-block-member-location-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/named-block-member-mixed-order-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap2: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap3: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap4: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-type-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-type-mismatch-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/intrastage-vs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/intrastage-vs-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/query-component: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-double-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-duplicated-input-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-duplicated-input-overlap-double: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-signed-unsigned: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-type-mismatch-signed-float: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-type-mismatch-unsigned-float: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-width-mismatch-double-float: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-offset-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-offset-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/interstage-ssbo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/interstage-ubo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/intrastage-ssbo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/intrastage-ubo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-no-write: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-writes-in-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-writes-out-of-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-no-gs: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-vs-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-vs-write-gs-no-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-vs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-no-write: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-writes-in-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-writes-out-of-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-no-gs: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-vs-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-vs-write-gs-no-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-vs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/2darray-basic: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-bulk-copy: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-bulk-read: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-bulk-read-aoa: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-explicitly-sized: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-param: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-param-aoa: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-values: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/generate-zero-primitives: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/sanity: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/texcoord-constant-indices: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/texcoord-non-constant-indices: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/2darray-bounds-and-sizes-check: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/2darray-vertex-index-oob: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-lines: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-lines-adjacency: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-points: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-triangles: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-triangles-adjacency: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-only-built-in-input-varyings: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-only-built-in-input-varyings-ext-separate-shader-objects: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-user-defined-input-varying: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/varying-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/verticesin-const: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/aoa-2: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-inside-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-of-arrays-inside-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/column-vs-row: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/indirect-column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/indirect-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-ssbo-different-layouts: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-stages: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/unsized-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/unsized-array-length: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/aoa-2: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-different-array-stride-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-inside-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-inside-ubo-copy: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-of-arrays-inside-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/explicit-offset: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/explicit-offset-nested-struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/location-0-crash: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/column-vs-row: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/different-matrix-stride: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/indirect-column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/indirect-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/two-stages: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/two-ubos: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/arrays-of-arrays: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-aoa-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-aoa-fs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-array-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-array-fs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-mixing-with-normal-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-several-slots: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/embedded-structs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/index-matches-location: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/nonsequential-locations: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-binding: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-binding-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-nonconst-nested-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/simple-without-names: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/struct-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/two-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/va64-simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/vs-ps-simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/vs-ps-specializations: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block_array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block_array_offset_per_member: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_double: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_lines: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_simple_multiple_samples: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_struct_array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_triangles: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_block: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets_ifc: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets_struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/linker/uniform/multisampler: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/linker/uniform/multisampler-array: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-block-with-aoa-member: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-block-with-single-line-declaration-members: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-block-with-struct-member: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-named-block: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-struct: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-struct-mixed-with-implicitly-assigned-varying: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/vs-gs-linking: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/large-number-of-unused-varyings: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-clipdistance-tcs-out-tes: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-clipdistance-tes-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-clipdistance-vs-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-clipdistance-vs-out-tcs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-tcs-out-tes: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-tes-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-vs-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-vs-out-tcs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-tcs-out-tes: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-tes-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-vs-out-fs-140: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-vs-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-vs-out-tcs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-position-tcs-out-tes: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-position-tes-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-position-vs-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-position-vs-out-tcs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/vs-to-fs-explicit-location-mismatch-array: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-ballot: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-ballot-if-else: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-builtin-variables: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-if: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-loop: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readinvocation-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readinvocation-uint-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_clock/execution/clock: skip
spec/arb_shader_clock/execution/clock2x32: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/cs-all: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/cs-any: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/cs-eq: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-all-const: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-all-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-any-const: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-any-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-eq-const: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-eq-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_image_load_store/execution/basic-imagestore-from-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_image_load_store/execution/disable_early_z: skip
spec/arb_shader_image_load_store/execution/gl45-imageatomicexchange-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_image_load_store/execution/image_checkerboard: skip
spec/arb_shader_image_load_store/execution/imagestore-array: skip
spec/arb_shader_image_load_store/execution/load-from-cleared-image: skip
spec/arb_shader_image_load_store/execution/write-to-rendered-image: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-manual-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-manual-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-manual-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/basic: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/indirect: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/memory-layouts-struct-deref: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/buffer-variable-indirect-indexing: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/copy-large-array: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/copy-large-struct: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/implicit_size_array_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-array-size-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-binding-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-array-size-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-count-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-name-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-order-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-type-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-memory-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-packaging-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/non_integral_size_array_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/shader-storage-block-different-def: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/shader-storage-block-different-def-2: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/shader-storage-block-different-def-3: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/shader-storage-block-different-size: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/sized_arrays_of_arrays_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/unsized_array_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/unsized_arrays_of_arrays_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/array-subroutines: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/array-subroutines-explicit-location: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/array-subroutines-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/simple-subroutine: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/simple-subroutine-dlist: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/two-subroutines: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/two-subroutines-2: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/two-subroutines-nested: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/two-subroutines-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-image2d: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-shader-storage-blocks: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-shader-storage-blocks-instanced: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-uniform-blocks-instanced: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-binding-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs-fp64-input-trunc: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs-fs-pass-vertex-attrib: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs-test-attrib-location: skip
spec/ext_demote_to_helper_invocation/execution/demote: skip
spec/ext_demote_to_helper_invocation/execution/demote_with_derivatives: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/1d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-1darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-highp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-lowp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/discard-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/discard-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/overwrite: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray-mipmap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-3d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/texture: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/1d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-1darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-highp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-lowp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/discard-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/discard-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/overwrite: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray-mipmap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-3d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/texture: skip
spec/ext_shader_image_load_formatted/execution/image_checkerboard: skip
spec/gl-3.1/attributeless-vertexid: skip
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/fs-dfdx-accuracy: warn
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/fs-dfdy-accuracy: warn
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/glsl-fs-inline-explosion: crash
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/glsl-vs-inline-explosion: crash
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_backcolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_backcolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_frontcolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_frontcolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-other-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-other-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/loops/glsl-fs-unroll-explosion: crash
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/loops/glsl-vs-unroll-explosion: crash
spec/glsl-1.10/preprocessor/extension-defined-test: skip
spec/glsl-1.10/preprocessor/extension-if-1: skip
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/clipping/fixed-clip-enables: fail
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/clipping/vs-clip-vertex-const-accept: fail
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/clipping/vs-clip-vertex-different-from-position: fail
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/clipping/vs-clip-vertex-enables: fail
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/clipping/vs-clip-vertex-equal-to-position: fail
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/clipping/vs-clip-vertex-homogeneity: fail
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/clipping/vs-clip-vertex-primitives: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/fs-large-local-array-vec2: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/fs-large-local-array-vec3: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/fs-large-local-array-vec4: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backcolor-flat-distance: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backcolor-flat-fixed: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backcolor-flat-none: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backcolor-flat-vertex: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backcolor-smooth-distance: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backcolor-smooth-fixed: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backcolor-smooth-none: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backcolor-smooth-vertex: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-distance: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-fixed: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-none: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-vertex: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-distance: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-fixed: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-none: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-vertex: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontcolor-flat-distance: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontcolor-flat-fixed: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontcolor-flat-none: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontcolor-flat-vertex: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontcolor-smooth-distance: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontcolor-smooth-fixed: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontcolor-smooth-none: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontcolor-smooth-vertex: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-distance: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-fixed: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-none: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-vertex: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-distance: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-fixed: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-none: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-vertex: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-other-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-other-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-other-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-flat-other-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_backcolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_backcolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_frontcolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_frontcolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-other-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-none-other-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_backcolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_backcolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_backcolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_backcolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_frontcolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_frontcolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_frontcolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_frontcolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-other-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-other-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-other-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-noperspective-other-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_backcolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_backcolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_backcolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_backcolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_backsecondarycolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_backsecondarycolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_frontcolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_frontcolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_frontcolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_frontcolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_frontsecondarycolor-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-gl_frontsecondarycolor-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-other-flat-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-other-flat-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-other-smooth-distance: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-smooth-other-smooth-vertex: fail
spec/glsl-1.40-compat/execution/built-in-constants: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint-abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint-neg: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint-neg_abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint-abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint-neg: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint-neg_abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat-abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat-neg: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat-neg_abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/fs-uintbitstofloat: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint-abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint-neg: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint-neg_abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint-abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint-neg: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint-neg_abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat-abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat-neg: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat-neg_abs: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/built-in-functions/vs-uintbitstofloat: skip
spec/glsl-3.30/execution/glsl-bug-109601: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-packhalf2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-packunorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpacksnorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpackunorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackhalf2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packhalf2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-copy-local-fs: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-copy-out-vs: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-copy-return-vs: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/linker/glsl-mismatched-uniform-precision-used: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.10/execution/fs-simple-atomic-counter-inc-dec-read: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.10/execution/vs-simple-atomic-counter-inc-dec-read: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomiccompswap-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicmax-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicmin-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float-negative-zero: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-countleadingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-counttrailingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-multiply32x16-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-multiply32x16-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-countleadingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-counttrailingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-multiply32x16-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-multiply32x16-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-coarse-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-coarse-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-fine-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-fine-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-none: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-none: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_linear_size: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_quads_x: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_quads_y: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_two_arrangements: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-lines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-points-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/lines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/points-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-isolines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-tris-in-point-mode-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/shared-atomicadd-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/shared-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/ssbo-atomicadd-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicand-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicand-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicor-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicxor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicxor-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicand-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicand-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicor-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicxor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicxor-uint: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_non_relative_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_relative_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/linker/mismatched_viewport_relative: skip
spec/nv_viewport_swizzle/viewport_swizzle: skip
spec/oes_geometry_shader/execution/nonuniform-vertex-count: skip
spec/oes_geometry_shader/sso_validation/user-defined-gs-input-in-block: skip
spec/oes_geometry_shader/sso_validation/user-defined-gs-input-not-in-block: skip
spec/oes_viewport_array/viewport-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/oes_viewport_array/viewport-gs-writes-in-range: skip
spec/oes_viewport_array/viewport-gs-writes-out-of-range: skip
summary:
       name:  results
       ----  --------
       pass:     5344
       fail:       71
      crash:       39
       skip:     1088
    timeout:        0
       warn:        2
 incomplete:        0
 dmesg-warn:        0
 dmesg-fail:        0
    changes:        0
      fixes:        0
regressions:        0
      total:     6544
